hello after another cool
life turn
I used to catch myself thinking that if
know something a little bit earlier
would lay a straw and wondered what
if much of what we are taught
life would teach us more in school but how
it says better late than you know
these are practically the secret keys to life
that I should have known at school
first only 20 percent of yours
activity is for real
effective they bring you 80
percent of your income look back
around a lot of what you do not
so necessary as you think
and much you can score the second you can
do what you need much faster
what do you think do not pull rubber because
the more time you spend on
the task you spend the more
wasting ahead of events do not slow down
it will not only save you from expectations
well, you will take pleasure
will feel that you can masterly
manage your life mistakes allow
gain invaluable experience learn
Lots of interesting and become successful
as success in life often comes
only if you don't give in
failures and mistakes he comes only to
persistent
don't treat yourself too critical it
only creates additional unnecessary
inner pain and takes away precious
time your relationship changes reality
pessimism
can hide behind the mask of realism this
happens when you are tuned to perception
negative and accordingly you only see
him
that's why you find yourself every
just like the right neighbor, but I
spoke on the other hand maybe
better not to be right in such situations
if you try to change drastically
your attitude instead just
consider this opportunity you will
pleasantly surprised
thanks easy way
feel happy here
great feeling of gratitude
only a minute or two
is a great way
turn bad mood into good
it supports your positive and helps
concentrate on the right goals a
still making others happy
the queue will make you whine even happier
is logical
emotions are contagious without comparing yourself to
by others
if you start to compare yourself with
by others you allow the outside world
control your sense of self
and mood swings provided to you
it is much more important to compare yourself only with
yourself to see you go ahead or
no and what goals achieved
maybe it doesn't sound like that
great but in the end it is
will bring inner peace and strengthen strength
will and leave a positive in the shower
most of what you're afraid of
never happen in reality
Relax
these monsters only exist in your
head and even if it does happen
then more often it will not be so terrible
how much did you expect and worry
prove to be a waste of time not
take it all too seriously
today it seems a big problem you
don't even remember in three years if
treat yourself to your thoughts and emotions
too seriously it will only bring
unnecessary suffering
so as you relax all is well it
there was a program 10 for the channel pleased
all pyatuni